Hi everybody and welcome back.
Did you know that functions can alter return lists and dictionaries.
No you didn't.
Well let's explain how you can do that.
Let's look at a new example.
So as always let's start off with our comments.
Today's date the 7th of the 11th 2016 which just happens to be my birthday.
Thank you very much.
And what better way to spend my birthday than teaching you guys returning a dictionary.
OK.
So let's have a look.
Let's create a new function.
Build a book.
OK you should come as no surprise that our program our example program and this lecture is involving
a book.
So that's how the book name.
That's the author of the publisher.
OK don't forget your colon and don't open up at your comments create a dictionary of book information.
OK.
Those a comment.
So book equals.
Here we open our dictionary so we have name
and again don't forget dictionaries are key value pairs.
So we have the K name and then the value will be name.
Here we go.
Separated with a comma as all dictionary key value pairs are then we have an alter
and that will be our order.
Perfect.
So far so good comma.
Then we have our publisher
colon publisher.
OK so you can see what I'm doing here.
And then we have return.
Now what exactly this can do for us.
Well if we say my book is called Build a book.
OK so what are we doing here.
We're adding values into our book function.
So let's go.
Name of the book.
Let's go.
Elon Musk and sorry this has to be surrounded in quotes.
Elon Musk
The answer is actually Vance
and the publisher is Vergine books.
OK.
I mean just take it out there for readability and then print my book and let's see what we get from
dush we get an error of course we do of course you know line 11.
That is an easy simple silly error.
I'M SO EXCITED IT'S MY BIRTHDAY that I'm losing the run of myself here.
So print my book.
There we go.
Actually Van's publisher version books name Elon Musk.
So dysfunction Bill's book takes in the the name the author the publisher and it puts these values into
a dictionary.
This function takes in simple textual information and puts it into a more meaningful data structure
so that you can work with that later on and do more than just printing it as we've done here.
We could easily extend this function to accept other values about a book.
Even the book's content its summary ratings whatever might be in the in the dictionary here.
So I hope that made sense.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.